Build out index page for login api (#2671)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/login-api/index.mdx

---
title: Overview
description: What is the Login API and when would you use it?
navcategory: developer
section: lifecycle
subcategory: authenticate users
tertcategory: login api
topOfNav: true
---
import LoginAPIIssues from 'src/content/docs/get-started/core-concepts/_login-api-issues.mdx';

## Overview

You can use the [login API](/docs/apis/login) to build your own Login experiences. This is useful when the standard hosted login pages workflow does not work for you.

Examples of why this might be the case:

* You are building a mobile application and do not want to use the system browser, however styled, to capture login information.

> * You have a single page application (SPA) and don't want to redirect your users over to FusionAuth's login pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have a single-page application (SPA) and don't want to redirect your users over to FusionAuth's login pages.
```

> * You need to a login workflow that doesn't follow the standard FusionAuth workflow. For example, capturing a user's login identifier, then prompting them for additional profile information, then sending them a code, then asking for a password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You need a login workflow that doesn't follow the standard FusionAuth workflow. For example, capturing a user's login identifier, followed by prompting them for additional profile information, then sending them a code, and finally asking for a password.
```
